Add Head Pose Tracker docs (#248)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: user-docs/pupil-player.md

You can find more information in our [dedicated fixation detector section](#fixation-detector).

#### Head Pose Tracking

> <h5 align='center'>Head Pose Tracker Tutorial<h5>
> {{< video-youtube embed-url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9x9h98tywFI" >}}

This plugin uses fiducial markers ([apriltag](https://april.eecs.umich.edu/software/apriltag.html)) to build a 3d model of the environment and track the headset's pose within it.

> See the [detailed data format section](#detailed-data-format) on information about the exported data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [detailed data format section](#detailed-data-format) for more information about the exported data.
```
